Briefly describe possible standards that might be used for these real-world
products:
○ Soap
The soap needs to have the correct pH, the content of total fat needs to be right, free alkalinity/acidity, chloride content,  
foam  height  and  alcohol  insoluble. There is standard set when the soap is being made.
We use soap on a daily basis so its impaortant to make sure the correct process is followed during manufacturing
to avoid any issues when used by humans. (eg. skin rashes, irritation, allergies, cancer etc)

○ Aeroplane
Standards in Aviation is very important in order to build customer trust and satisfaction. 
It ensures the products or services are up to the standard before delivering to the customer. 
Safety is a prime concern in the aviation industry, and safety comes with quality. 
There is a system that also provides information on inspection to ensure that all maintenance 
on aircraft is properly performed according to the manufacturer’s instructions.

○ Curry
Spice quality testing 
Inspection
Cleanliness
Right amount of ingredients

Explain why a high-quality software process should lead to high-quality
software products. Discuss possible problems with this system of quality
management.

A manufacturing process involves configuring, setting up, and operating the machines involved in the process. 
Once the machines are operating correctly and manufacturing systems are calibrated, they can run repeatedly to achieve high 
quality products. Process quality management and improvement can lead to a fewer defects in the software.

However, software development is a creative rather than mechanical process, so the influence of individual skills and experience 
is significant. External factors such as novelty of an application or commercial pressure for an early product release affect the 
product quality irrespective of the process used.

Explain why program inspections are an effective technique for
discovering errors in a program. What types of errors are unlikely to be
discovered through inspections?

Program inspections are effective for the following reasons: 

1. They can find several faults in one pass without being concerned about interference between program faults. 

2. They bring a number of people with different experience of different types of errors. Hence, the team approach 
   offers greater coverage than any individual can bring. 

3. They force the program author to re-examine the program in detail - this often reveals errors or misunderstandings. 

The types of errors that inspections are unlikely to find are specification errors or errors that are based on a misunderstanding 
of the application domain (unless there are domain experts in the team)

Why is it difficult to validate the relationships between internal product
attributes and external attributes?

The basic difficulty arises because the external attributes such as maintainability are not solely dependent on a small 
number of internal product attributes; there are more factors that can affect this. 

While the complexity of a system may influence the said system's maintainability, other issues such as the choice of variable names, 
system documentation and, particularly, the skills of the people doing the maintenance have such a large effect on the process that they 
may underplay any maintainability differences arising from different levels of complexity in the system. 

It is important to know that the submission above does not contradict experiments where a relationship 
between maintainability and complexity is established – however, there is not enough evidence at the moment to generalize this.

Many other factors (both tangible and non-tangible) will affect the relationship

References:

Aviationhunt. Available at:
https://www.aviationhunt.com/aviation-quality-assurance/ (Accessed:02 December 2021)

cpentalk. Available at:
https://cpentalk.com/1296/software-software-products-possible-problems-management (Accessed:02 December 2021)

cpentalk. Available at:
https://cpentalk.com/1177/inspections-effective-discovering-discovered-inspections (Accessed:02 December 2021)

cpentalk. Available at:
https://cpentalk.com/1178/relationships-cyclomatic-complexity-attributes-maintainability (Accessed:02 December 2021)