● What are the differences between supervised and unsupervised machine learning? Explain what you think semi-supervised machine learning is.
  ○ Write a paragraph on Machine Learning. Try to use your own words
    (about 8 sentences)
  
    Supervised learning is a machine learning approach that’s defined by its use of labeled datasets. 
    These datasets are designed to train or “supervise” algorithms into classifying data or predicting outcomes accurately. 
    Using labeled inputs and outputs, the model can measure its accuracy and learn over time.
  
    Classification problems use an algorithm to accurately assign test data into specific categories, such as separating apples from oranges. 
    Or, in the real world, supervised learning algorithms can be used to classify spam in a separate folder from your inbox.
  
    Regression is another type of supervised learning method that uses an algorithm to understand the relationship between dependent and independent variables. 
    Regression models are helpful for predicting numerical values based on different data points, such as sales revenue projections for a given business.  
  
    Unsupervised learning uses machine learning algorithms to analyze and cluster unlabeled data sets. 
    These algorithms discover hidden patterns in data without the need for human intervention (hence, they are “unsupervised”).
  
    Clustering is a data mining technique for grouping unlabeled data based on their similarities or differences. 
    For example, K-means clustering algorithms assign similar data points into groups, where the K value represents the size of the 
    grouping and granularity. This technique is helpful for market segmentation, image compression, etc.
  
    Association is another type of unsupervised learning method that uses different rules to find relationships between variables in a 
    given dataset. These methods are frequently used for market basket analysis and recommendation engines, along the lines 
    of “Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought” recommendations.
  
    Dimensionality reduction is a learning technique used when the number of features  (or dimensions) in a given dataset is too high. 
    It reduces the number of data inputs to a manageable size while also preserving the data integrity. Often, this technique is used 
    in the preprocessing data stage, such as when autoencoders remove noise from visual data to improve picture quality.
  
    Semi-supervised machine learning is a combination of supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods.
  
  ○ Write a paragraph on Supervised Learning. Try to use your own
    words (about 5 sentences). Also, list at least 4 models in Supervised Learning.
	
	Supervised learning involves learning a function that maps an input to an output based on example input-output pairs.
    For example, if I had a dataset with two variables, age (input) and height (output), I could implement a supervised learning model 
	to predict the height of a person based on their age.
	
	Decision Tree 
	Random Forest
	Neural Network
	Naive Bayes
	
  ○ Write a paragraph on Unsupervised Learning. Try to use your own
    words (about 5 sentences). Also, list at least 2 models in Unsupervised Learning.
	
	Unlike supervised learning, unsupervised learning is used to draw inferences and find patterns from input data without references 
	to labeled outcomes. Two main methods used in unsupervised learning include clustering and dimensionality reduction.
	
	Clustering is an unsupervised technique that involves the grouping, or clustering, of data points. It’s frequently used for customer 
	segmentation, fraud detection, and document classification.
	
	Common clustering techniques include k-means clustering, hierarchical clustering, mean shift clustering, and density-based clustering. 
	While each technique has a different method in finding clusters, they all aim to achieve the same thing.
	
  ○ Write a paragraph on 1 interesting trend in Artificial Intelligence
    that interests you. E.g. self-driving cars, music production, voice
    recognition, handwritten signature verification, computational
    biology, etc.
	
	Face Detection and Recognition Technology
    Virtual filters on Snapchat and the FaceID unlock on iPhones are two examples of AI applications today. 
	While the former uses face detection technology to identify any face, the latter relies on face recognition.
	
	An example:
	
	The TrueDepth camera on the Apple devices projects over 30,000 invisible dots to create a depth map of your face. 
	It also captures an infrared image of the user’s face.
	After that, a machine learning algorithm compares the scan of your face with what a previously enrolled facial data. 
	That way, it can determine whether to unlock the device or not.
	It automatically adapts to changes in the user’s appearance. These include wearing cosmetic makeup, growing facial hair, 
	or wearing hats, glasses, or contact lens.
	
	References: 
	
	Edgy. Available at:
	https://edgy.app/examples-of-artificial-intelligence (Accessed:02 December 2021)
	
	IBM. Available at:
	https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/supervised-vs-unsupervised-learning (Accessed:02 December 2021)
	
	Towardsdatascience. Available at:
	https://towardsdatascience.com/all-machine-learning-models-explained-in-6-minutes-9fe30ff6776a (Accessed:02 December 2021)
  
  
  
  