Do some research about the different approaches to deployment. What
are the pros and cons of each? When would you use each approach?

- Direct Deployment

In the direct deployment approach, the newly developed sysyem is installed in 
a machine and instanly makes the system ready to operate. This process is also 
known as immediate cutover.

Advantages:

It removes the existing system totally when it is started to deploy into a machine;
the old and new system are executed simultaneously for a minimun period.

It is very easy to plan and execute the new system into a machine. 

Disadvantages: 

It is highly risky to execute the program, because the service may interrupt
at any time. 

- Parallel Deployment: 

In this approach, the old and new systems operate in
parallel when the new system is first introduced. After a while, once the new
system is stable, the old system is switched off.

Advantages: 

The fastest option with a very brief overlap of old and new code being served.

Disadvantages:

The riskiest strategy - a bad deploy can impair all your servers. Will result 
in some downtime for webservers that don't support live reloads.

Phased Deployment: 

In this approach, the new system is deployed in
phases while the old system is still running. Once the new system is fully
integrated and stable, the old system is switched off.

Advantages:

The primary advantage of a phased approach to implementation are: Better planning, 
control, and testing in regards to rolling out the solution to end users.

Disadvantages:

Higher implementation cost
Often requires additional interface
Delay in ROI 
May interfere with compliance

A second-hand book shop is converting from a paper system to
digital, and they've asked you to develop their catalogue software.
After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?

Direct Deployment 
In this approach, there will be no need for the paper system. Everything will now be digital. 
The new system will quickly be installed and made operational.

A large retail chain has asked you to develop a more modern set of
tools for their use, including point-of-sale systems, stock records,
and customer service systems. After finishing, how do you deploy it
and why?

Parallel Deployment
In this approach, the old and new systems operate in
parallel when the new system is first introduced. This would also allow for 
all the backups to take place. (eg. point-of-sale systems, stock records, and customer service systems).
Once the new system is up and running with all the neccesary backups the old system can be turned off. 

You have developed an alternate fire alarm system for a large
shopping centre. This system's reliability is of utmost importance.
After finishing, how do you deploy it and why?

Phased Deployment
The new system is deployed in
phases while the old system is still running. Once the new system is fully
integrated and stable, the old system is switched off.
This is due to the reliability which is of utmost importance. 

References:

top-sage-resellers.com. Available at:
https://www.top-sage-resellers.com/blog/big-bang-erp-implementation-vs-phased-approach-pros-and-cons (Accessed: 29 November 2021)

help.cloud66.com. Available at:
https://help.cloud66.com/rails/how-to-guides/deployment/parallel-deployment.html (Accessed: 29 November 2021)